[Docs] Pimcore 11 - Add upgrade notes for TinyMCE (#15921)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

    - [WordExport] has been moved into PimcoreWordExportBundle
	- [Xliff Translation] Import/Export and related Events have been moved into PimcoreXliffBundle. Please check and adapt the Events' namespaces.

> 	- [WYSIWYG-Editor] The default editor changed from `CKEditor` to `TinyMCE` and has been moved into PimcoreTinymceBundle. Please pay attention to the sanitizer for this bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- [WYSIWYG-Editor] The default editor changed from `CKEditor` to `TinyMCE` and has been moved into PimcoreTinymceBundle. Please adapt custom configuration and [extend](https://pimcore.com/docs/platform/Pimcore/Documents/Editables/WYSIWYG#extending-symfony-html-sanitizer-configuration) the html sanitizer for supporting the required html elements in wysiwyg editor.
```
